\section{Related Work}

\section{Conclusion}

We have described the \Idris{} programming languages and shown how to
use it to implement a complex problem with dependent types. The
language, while not approach the maturity of Haskell or other
dependently typed systems such as \Agda{}, demonstrates that
\remph{existing technology} is sufficient to implement realistic and
verified programs. Even a framework for foreign functions can be built
neatly out of existing work, namely Hancock and Setzer's I/O
trees~\cite{hancock-interactive}. It is particularly pleasing that
foreign functions can be added without making \remph{any} changes to
the core language.

Any program with a sufficiently complex type will require a certain
amount of theorem proving to typecheck. Our binary adder is an example
of this. While this kind of program is expressible in weaker types
systems such as that given by Haskell with open type
families~\cite{opentype-haskell} the proof obligations become
difficult to manage. It is therefore essential to provide some kind of
interactive development tools along with any realistic dependently
typed language. We have found the ``proposed definition'' syntax to
reduce the burden on the programmer greatly; it allows a programmer to
give the definition they believe to be correct, and even test it, and
means that the \remph{typechecker} generates the required lemma,
rather than the programmer.